Update read.me (#5)
fhir-crucible/testscript-engine: README.md

## About the Project

TestScript Engine is to support essential features of FHIR testing by providing the following features.

> * General purpose engine to be implemented in various use cases

Author: Good point, I thought "general purpose" as a meaning opposed to "a vendor specific" or a "system specific" or a "project specific". Indeed any engine should be general purposed, that what the name engine means. Do you have an idea of better wording?

> * General purpose engine to be implemented in various use cases

Author: I like it. Let's go with 'general use'.

* Execution of TestScript FHIR Resource and delivery of TestResource as outputs
* Aligned with existing FHIR architecture

> * Extensible to be integrated with key FHIR toolchains in the future (FHIR Shorthand, TestScript generator, Synthea, etc.)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extensible to be integrated with key FHIR toolchains in the future (FHIR Shorthand, [TestScript Generator](https://github.com/fhir-crucible/testscript-generator), Synthea)  
```
